Wow, not nice.
The boss is so handsome.
You guys are fired.
Ha ha, even if you are actually the vice president's wife.
Our shop owner is now an advance payment.
Its content
A foundation that surpasses your wealthy family countless times
Just the size of your little vice president
Also want to interfere with our store's staff.
So I'll show it to you.
Am I worthy?
Redu column
I don't want to see these two people's faces anymore.
Hello.
I will handle it right away.
Lexi is a paid personal assistant.
How can I listen to you?
This.
What?
We were both fired.
Paying in advance my daughter also placed a restraining order on us.
Cannot appear in Long Dam anymore.
How is that possible?
Boss was also clearly very satisfied with our service.
It's because the whole school is licking him.
That lady is fake.
Uncle Ba is in front of us.
Actually, the hands are not holding
Great lady.
Even you let me live.
We were also fooled.
Everything that was deceived is given to you.
Loi Tam Tru really gave me dignity.
It seems like there's really no problem with this card.